PROJECT PROGRESS

This project took me a few hours. 10-12 hours? I didn't have a good plan to tackle it. 

I didn't add dummy images to help me with the layout and padding, 
so I had to backtrack when I finally added assets. 

I frequently revisit parts of the webpage and edit them constantly, 
so my commits are not really clean. 

And I missed or skipped over some details in the mockup to focus on getting CSS grid to work, 
so sometimes the padding and margins messes up my grid templates.

I got rusty with some CSS concepts, especially stuff I haven't had as much exercise as others,
So I spent time looking them up, especially near the finish line where I didn't do much CSS Grid coding.

CSS GRID vs FLEXBOX

This project focuses on CSS Grid. I got the grasp of it pretty quickly, which is great. 

But I'm starting to see why Flexbox is here to stay. I didn't really use much Flexbox in this project at all, 
"you have to Grid it" kind of attitude. 

CSS Grid is great for precise placements. I find it easier to use Flexbox if precise positioning isn't as important,
so I would use it in many places if it were up to me.

CHROME DEV TOOLS

Chrome Dev Tools are really living up to its name, as a "development" tool, not just for debugging.
I use it much more here than in previous front-end projects, ...well also because I'm starting to forget stuff that 
the tool reminds me of.

I think I need to take advantage of its ability to manipulate the DOM 
so I don't have to refresh the browser so often, the clunkiness doesn't help.

FRONT END DEVELOPMENT 

All of these front end projects only give me some screenshot of the webpage. While Odin's page has hints on 
how to proceed, I'm still not used to translating the mockup into CSS to match it as well. 

I like how some of the exercises have a list of self-check items, but we don't do that here in the front end 
world do we? That's kinda sad.

RESPONSIVE DESIGN

I've been trying to make my solution as responsive as I can, but the mockup doesn't really show how 
the page responds to view port changes. I think I'm getting ahead of myself - I know Odin will cover this later.

I use rem too much as the unit of measure across the project. My page will probably blow up if the user prefers 
a different rem size in their browsers. I also use fractional units (fr) a lot for my CSS Grids.

I don't think AI can do responsive design just yet. You need imagination to really get it to work. 
Human-built websites mess this up all the time too, especially the out-dated ones that people might train their AI on.

CONCLUSION

What a workout in all things CSS this project is. Front end development tastes bittersweet to me.
I'm much stronger in backend aspects from my CS major coursework...